brett from the main history.com presents
behold your portal the gate through
which new creatures enter your domain
drawn forth to use the rules which you
provide look well a goblin has entered
your domain on his own he is a cowardly
beast but in a horde becomes a useful
fighting force ah you've picked a
creature up to drop him right click
anywhere on your land
good progress keeper see your goblins
are well rested in their lair and that
Bell is full with juicy chicken flesh
now keep watch but very soon more
goblins will arrive and then your
numbers will be strong enough to
challenge Lord Antonio's your lair is
built now right click to cancel building
you
i sent a breach and the parent of
antabuse have broken through your wall
and you can use your gaze to see the map
right clearly in the flesh but worried
at this time what you'd only people this
goofy be as they are are the hapless any
we developed a new encroached observe
the white health flowers which appear
about them the women near to death you
scared him one life petal shows
your goblin force is large enough to
challenge your event in this forest
portal Jim channel north and you will
find your smug opponents covering Leah
cute
the time has come for you to face Lord
intelius tag the flashing tiles you're
in school tunnel to his keep
you
away keeper oh you tell what takes miles
ville with your evil ways he speaks the
feeble Lord and turn see her the petal
for the did white health flower alamos
national scale his parts in town as
you're primed take him
hello Lord Antony it is full the portal
GM Liza Saudis opens it body is wait for
only to collect but also intervals and
come in now